
          DYSTOPIA GUIDE BOOK
                    
                    Font style: Adam Warren Pro, Segoe
                    Script , Myriad Pro - Type font
                    15.51, armour piercing

                              

          STORY SUMMARY AND TIMELINE

          Dystopia mythos is an afro fantasy, mythological and
          historical graphics novel about a group of young men's roles
          in uniting the 3 torn colonies of a former republic into one

          Dystopia Timeline

          1015- New Dictator enters.

          1027- Constitution scrapped, declaration of state of war.

          1032- Aarin Born, Rift broken.

          1035- War starts.

          1036- B.O.P.E created, Osas joins

          1038- Amina dies, Aarin 6 yr old.

          1040- War ends, Aarn * years

          1045- Age 13, Joins B.O.P.E

          1053- now. Aarin 21 years old

          POWERS AND CHARACTERS

          

          (1) Veve: A contract made with a diety for power in exchange
          of a piece of one's soul. Open Use of Veves are presently
          illegal in the Dystopia Universe, as a result of the Null
          Endemic.

          (2) Sacrifice: A spell that transacts your entire soul with 

          (3) Nulls: These are untouchables. They feed off life itself
          so contact with them almost often lead to death. they are
          soulest creatures whose life force have been devoured by
          deities. They are the lowest of the low in the society.

          (4) The Black Hands: These are shadowey creatures born from
          the-void(the realm between the deities world and the earthly
          realm). Their language 'Black Speech'if heard by mortals
          causes temporary paralysis.

          (5)Hybreeds: A cross breeding of human /animal species.
          Their reseearch was forbidden after the creation of B.O.P.E,
          but a few living experiments still exist and are hunted
          down. They were originally created by the M.R.O corporation
          as mercenary soldiers for the Kaabu (Northern) dynasty, but
          were deemed a failed project after the creation of Drone
          soldiers

          (5) The Worlogog: A failed wolf hybreed with telekinetic
          abilities. He helped assassinate Aarin's Mom

          (6) Nmoru: The man who simplified Black Magic voodoo into
          contractual spells and popularized its usages . He was the
          first man to create a contract with a diety. When He died, a
          giant temple was built in his honor. He was a leader in the
          Sud army shortly before his death. He is worshiped as a Hero
          after his death

          (7) Aarin: A neo-sud teen born in a war torn colony,
          nicknamed the Red-man. He joins the military insurgency that
          later became B.O.P.E, easily becoming one of their best /
          genius soldiers at age 21.His veve links him to Ogun (the
          God of iron and Blacksmiths),and he is fond of insulting
          people with 'Oguns' name. The day his mother died was the
          day his veve was formed, and he was found by insurgency
          soldiers in a pool of blood. Aarin became the new eternal
          after beating Eye (Although, it is alleged that Eye
          intentionally flunked that fight), but he's not recognized
          as an eternal because he's weak/average. As a result, he is
          constantly challenged by Veve users wanting his title of the
          10th Eternal. He is also nicknamed the "weakest Eternal"

          Aarin's Attack Pattern

          Aarin's attack is called maleable armour, where he shapes
          godlike metal around his arms like gloves.It's very
          effective in close range combat and for defence. For long
          range attacks, he shapes the metal into gun pellets,
          shooting them with his antique modded gun. He can also
          connect these pellets into string like beads for use as a
          whip, or a grappling hook. Aarin is a calculating &
          strategic combatant.

          Ogun Diety = Earth element = Hero class.

          (8) Uncle Osas: A father figure for Aarin. A sud and former
          soldeir in the Sud army. He is gifted with the powers of
          Divination, and is a top notch fighter who trained Aarin
          growing up. He saves and raises Aarin after his mom's death,
          and he was a close friend of the hero Nmoru

          (9) Amina: A top official of the old regime . Was a close
          friend and allegedly rumored to be a lover to the dictator.
          SHe was a part of the dictator's cabinet. She was killed by
          Bithra soldiers during the was for being of Kaabu descent. A
          torn piece of her red scarf is what her son Aarin carries
          around with him

          (10) Captain Eye : A former soldier and captain in the sud
          army who grew dissillusioned with war, death and life. He is
          an immortal whose veve links him up to Anyanwu, Mother
          Earth.  He lives for the thrill of hunting near death
          experiences that make him feel alive as he cannot kill
          himself or die of natural death. His powers awakened when he
          attempted suicide after the loss of his wife and daughter in
          a botched military attack. He was rewarded with a
          ministerial position in Abbi Metropolis after the war. He is
          corrupt , calculating and cunning. Eye's deity gives him
          immortality as a cheat code. His diety is Ala, Mother Earth,
          so he fights recklessly without care for his well being.
          He's also the 10th Eteral of B.O.P.E.

          

          Ala Diety = Earth element = Ancient type class

          

          (11) The dead Dictator : He was the second man to create a
          contract with a diety. He used the power gotten to secure
          his power and that action was a catalyst to the 5 year civil
          war. In the end, he was decieved by the diety into ripping a
          hole between the fabrics of their universes, creating a
          portal entry for more dieties to create veves with men. This
          spread the use of veveswhich later became known by the
          colloquial slang 'juju'. He was a friend of Nmoru. The diety
          betrayed the dictator and tore a rift between the divine
          realm and the mortal realms. This action quickly spread the
          use of veves and supernatural powers among the populace and
          allowed supernaturals beings to cross over the void to the
          mortal plane1.

          (12)Worlogog : A panther / man hybreed creature (werewolf)
          cooked up in a lab. A science experiment of human/ animal
          genetics mixup

          (13)Rasaak : Also known jokingly as 'gee-boy'. He is the man
          in the hightech suit. He is of Kaabu descent, and he keeps
          it hidden so as not to be ostracized by the other suds. He's
          also a defective drone, making his social standing to be a
          little bit wierd. He's an excellent tactician and a computer
          programmer. He's a lower kaabu prince who was kidnapped and
          held hostage by the MRO; negotiations failed and he was
          turned into a drone by the corporation and used as a spy/
          assassin . He was rescued by a kaabuan scientist who gave
          him a robot back that disconnects him from the drone's hive
          mind.

          (14)Yoma : Nicknamed Igbeaux. He's a friend and teammate of
          Aarin, although he is of lower rank. His Veve is to Aganju,
          the diety of volcanoes, brother of sango.

          (15) Veronica Osaro: A popular Tv news presenter on crime
          watch Tv channel

          (16)The Politician Dr Malcom Eni: He was an activist in the
          Bithra revolution

          (17) Wofai: A call girl at the club, one of Captain Eye's
          'strip' clubs. She has forged a veve with an unrevealed
          diety hinted to be Esu, diety of the gateways and trickery.
          she is also the key to closing the dimensional rift.

          (18) Drones: A network of cyborg soldiers/ machines
          operating with a hive mind created by the MRO corporation.
          Drones are their main mercenary soldiers.

          (19) The MRO: A weapons research conglomerate operating
          within the 3 colonies as both a weapons dealer, and a supply
          of mercenary drones. They also conduct human/ animal genetic
          engineering and Black magic research.

          (20) Fishermen Ninja Tribe: A fishermen river tribe
          (reference: Makoko), that fight like Ninja, but wear
          fishermen strawhats

          (21) Ayana: Random character name that means "Beautiful"

          (22) Dr Silvana : A top researcher working with the MRO
          corporation on Veves and magic technology. He is of Kaabu
          descent and is considered a Kaabu traitor. He is secretely a
          diety in disguise with ambitions to become the Supreme one.
          He and Ogun are familiar.

          (22)The Ukwani Bandits: Poor bandits who raid neo-sud
          borders but live in the Ukwani deserts

          (23) Black Speech: This is the language of the void. Men who
          are possessed by the black hands can use it , but any mere
          mortal that hears it gets petrified and knocked out. Only
          veve users can fight its effects and neutralize it by
          activating their veves, since it bestows upon the god-like
          attributes. Black speech is practically just ordinary words
          to dieties.

          (24) B.O.P.E, the Brotherhood Of Powerful Eternals: A
          peacefull movement that advocates that the use of
          contractual magic, leads all men to the divine realms.Their
          leaders are powerful veve users. They advocate that veve
          users shouldn't be feared, rather they should be embraced by
          all. They have a secret Police faction which Aarin, Rasaak
          and Yoma are a part of. When you beat an eternal, you take
          his/ her rank; and all the priviledges and responsibility
          that come with it. Like protecting your city and it's
          inhabitants.

          (25) The Kaabu Empire: An empire that has achieved god
          killing technology.

                              [    EMPTY    ]

          (26) The Kaabu religion: The religion believes in Natural
          philosophy, and that the natural world is greater than the
          divine realms. They believe immortality is sin and both veve
          users and the dieties are false gods, infidels.

          (27)Yoma: Son of a high ranking minister in the Neo-sud
          parliament. He joined B.O.P.E after his father's death. He's
          obliged to carry on the family's name and role as "leaders"
          of Neo-sud. He comes from an aristocratic family and was
          disillusioned with the corruption he saw in public office.
          He joins B.O.P.E to escape his "planned" destiny. His veve
          is to Aganju, a powerful ancient type diety. He loves
          telling corny jokes

          (28) Dr Sylvanus: The founder of the kaabu religion, Esu
          trickster diety of the pathways, a lower class diety and
          friends with sango, aganju , and ogun. He tore the
          dimensional rift and disgused as a Top researcher in the
          M.R.O corporation. He was also a friend to the hero Nmoru.

          

          DIETIES

          (1)oba: Diety of Marriage and domesticity

          (2)Babaluaye: Diety of illness and healing

          (3)Ibeji: Twin dieties of youth and vitality 

          (4)Oko: diety of Agriculture

          (5)Olokun: Diety of the deep ocean

          (6)Osumare: diety of same sex love (rainbow God)

          (7)Ala : Mother earth

          (8)Ogun : Blacksmith God and god of technology

          (9)Aganju : Volcanoe and Desert god

          (10)Anyanwu : Sun God

          (11)Sango : lightening god

          (12)Esu: The devil/ diety of the cross roads, trickster god,
          messanger between humanity and the divine.

          (13) Osayin : Goddess of the forest

          (14) Oya : Goddess of the wind

          (15) Orunmila : Diety of wisdom, divination and forsight

          (16) Osun: GOddess of love, beauty and diviniy of rivers

          (17) Obatala : Diety of justice , the supreme God's second
          child

          THEMES TO EXPLORE

          (1) Science vs religion

          (2) Man vs the divine

          (3) The Origin of Evil

          (4) Capitalism vs Socialism

          (5) The passage of time

          JUJU

          Juju is colloquial term (slang) used after the war to
          describe veve contracts and abilities. Use of Juju has been
          made illegal in modern dystopia times as a way of
          eliminating the Null scourge. There are two realms of
          reality in the Dystopia universe. The divine realm and the
          earthly realm. Early during the reign of the dieties of all
          life, there arose a King who separated both realms, creating
          a void between them. This move severly weakened some gods as
          they were cut off from a source of their strength, human
          life force When a rift between both realms was opened by the
          dictator, it presented an opportunity for some dieties to
          gain back their former strengths and glory; this began  the
          creation of veves, contracts between a mortal and a god.
          Mortals gained supernatural powers in exchange for a portion
          of their souls. Mortals who over used their veves lost their
          minds and identities often sucumbing to a vegetative state.
          Those that persist become 'Blackhand', creatures who feed on
          the souls of others; they exist mainly in the void . A piece
          of one's soul, once lost, often takes a some time to
          replenish, when it's low, the veve user risks death or a
          neear death coma

          VEVES

          Either a human or a diety can attempt to initiate a contract
          but it takes willfull acceptance by both parties for the
          contract to be forged. It is possible that a diety's raw
          power can overwhelm a human's body, what occurs is madness
          and/ or death. Once a contract is formed, a veve (a symbol
          of that contract bearing the god's and the mortal's seal is
          drawn on both their bodies.

          Choosing a diety

          A diety's strength is ranked based on it's feats and
          accomplishments.

          (1) God type: The supreme beings, Zeus, Obatala

          (2) Ancient type: Titans, primordial gods, anyanwu, aganju,
          Ala, Sango

          (3) Demi-God type: Hercules, Demi-gods generally

          (4) Monster type: Cyclops, siren, wraith, vampire, werewolfs

          (5) Hero- Class: Mortal heros and great warriors, shaka
          zulu, omiomwanfan(that benin hero), queen idia, Ogun

          Each class is ranked in terms of strength and potential. A
          veve user can also increase his dietie's rank by

          - Accomplishing great feats

          - It consumes an increasing amount of life force energy
          (souls)

          The device to initiate of/ summon a diety to contract is
          called a "God Stone". It is cut from the rocks and meteors
          that rained from the sky the day the rift was torn.
          Possession of a god stone is seen as a treasure and sells
          for a very high prices on the black market. Once a contract
          has been forged with a god stone, it crumbles to dust. God
          stones can also be used by veve users to boost the
          connection to their diety for greater power, at risk of
          having more life energy sucked out of them. Veves, when
          activated boost their users basic stats and may grant them
          some godlike attributes like increased strength, speed,
          healing factor, e.t.c.

          The first veves were formed with void creatures until the
          rift was torn and veves were formed with dieties directly.

          A diety's power may also be gotten from one of the following
          elements

          (1)light

          (2)Air

          (3)Fire

          (4)Water

          (5)Light

          (6)Dark

          (7)Mystics

          Using a complementary element can boost your attack power
          and give you a slight advantage in combat.

                              [   INSERT VEVE IMAGE   ]

          

          LIFE ENERGY (ORI)
                    "Your life energy, also known as
                    your life force is the feeling of
                    life that is generated by your Ori
                    (your spirit). The more of it you
                    have, the happier you feel and vice
                    versa.  Creatures like wraiths  and
                    vampires feed on others life force
                    energy as they cannot produce life
                    force of their own"

          - Professor Silvana Ph.D Contractual Magic Studies

          Your Life force is a mixture of your body strength, your
          mental strength, and your identity. When you try to forge a
          contract with a diety if he rejects you, he will try to
          possess you and use the sacrifice spell to consume you. if
          he does, you become a null, souless beings. If through
          strength of will or conviction, you are able to bend that
          diety's power to your will, your strength and ability will
          place you among the ranks. To use the veve, just place a
          portion of your Ori into it.
                    "A person's strength can be
                    replenished, and so can his spirit;
                    but when a portion of your soul is
                    torn off, you loose a part of
                    yourself, a feeling, sometimes a
                    memory that can never be
                    replenished. Over use of a veve
                    would inevitably cause death or put
                    them in a vegetative state,
                    completely drained of their soul.
                    Empty, Null."

          - Professor Silvana Ph.D Contractual Magic Studies

          MAP

                              [   INSERT MAP IMAGES   ]

          North - Kaabu

          West -  Ajuran

          South - Neo-sud

          East - Bithra


